[Bug Fix] Simplify Intermediate conversation model logic (#69)
fivetran/dbt_intercom: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_intercom v1.1.0
[PR #69](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_intercom/pull/69) includes the following updates:

## Bug Fixes
- **Performance optimization**: Refactored `int_intercom__conversation_part_events` for customers with large `intercom__conversation_part_history` source tables:
  - Consolidated redundant CTEs and eliminated unnecessary joins to reduce compute load and memory usage for larger source tables.
  - Implemented single window function pass instead of multiple subqueries. 
  - Replicate IGNORE NULLS logic with `first_value()` window functions using custom ordering (`case when condition then 0 else 1 end`) to prioritize relevant events and naturally skip null values.
- **Data accuracy fix**: Corrected the `last_close_by_author_id` window function logic that was incorrectly using ascending order instead of descending order, causing it to return the same value as `first_close_by_author_id`. The fix ensures proper chronological ordering to capture the actual last close event author.

## Under the Hood

> - Created consistency test for `intercom__conversation_enhanced` to validate that the above changes do not impact end model values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Created consistency and integrity tests for `intercom__conversation_enhanced` to validate that the above changes do not impact end model values. 
```

Author: Committed
